so a CE faras management of civilian and military personnel for stuff
you have to distinguish between the civilian personnel contractors.
But Resilient said, a lot more invested than the contractors, and the
contractors are only legally bound to there. So there are three players
in that in that case, helping you. And the other thing that you
need to know. I understand the military they're covered with inside
the lifelines. That ship gets underway. Everyone's underwear. Civilians
may or may not be getting underway with depending upon the size
ship, because there are so civilians, that big deck aiders and on
the carriers. But for the most part, civilian contractors, they're not
getting away with it, not on a ship spurt. So do you have to understand
what the mission is? What are they doing and then situationally?
It's different when you engine shipyard, you enter the shipyard.
You know, Remember when the when the bow crosses Cecil off the shipyard
commanding also don't want responsible. The ship was responsible
course, but technically, you know the dry dock Captain always ship
that, and the contractors are charge of breaking down kids, cutting
up the ship and installing new equipment and making that shit better.
So at that point, the contractors become important very during into
baby intermediate made beds available lose the I am a.